Fix tracker_id, priority_id, status_id to handle custom ids (#33773)
demisto/content: Packs/Redmine/ReleaseNotes/1_0_3.md

#### Integrations

##### Redmine

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.14.92207*.

> - Fixed an issue with tracker_id argument to support custom.
> - Fixed an issue with status_id argument to support custom.
> - Fixed an issue with priority_id argument to support custom.
> - Updated the status_id arg in get-issue-list command to status so it will handle both an ID and a predefined status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with the tracker_id argument to support custom tracker IDs.
- Fixed an issue with the status_id argument to support custom status IDs.
- Fixed an issue with the priority_id argument to support custom priority IDs.
- Updated the status_id argument in the get-issue-list command to status so it will handle both an ID and a predefined status.
```

#### Integrations

##### Redmine

> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.14.92207*.

Reviewer 2: add the new commands

Author: added

> - Fixed an issue with the tracker_id argument to support custom tracker IDs.

Reviewer 2: maybe lets add that now you need to provide the ID?

Author: added

> - Fixed an issue with the tracker_id argument to support custom tracker IDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with the *tracker_id* argument to support custom tracker IDs.
```

- Fixed an issue with the status_id argument to support custom status IDs.
- Fixed an issue with the priority_id argument to support custom priority IDs.

> - Updated the status_id argument in the get-issue-list command to status so it will handle both an ID and a predefined status.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated the status_id argument in the **get-issue-list** command to status now it will handle both an ID and a predefined status.
```

> - Updated the redmine-issue-create to not have a status_id argument since the API uses a default status.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated the **redmine-issue-create** to not have a status_id argument since the API uses a default status.
```

> - Fixed an issue with the status_id argument to support custom status IDs.
> - Fixed an issue with the priority_id argument to support custom priority IDs.
> - Updated the status_id argument in the **get-issue-list** command to status now it will handle both an ID and a predefined status.
> - Updated the **redmine-issue-create** to not have a status_id argument since the API uses a default status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with the *status_id* argument to support custom status IDs.
- Fixed an issue with the *priority_id* argument to support custom priority IDs.
- Updated the *status_id* argument in the ***get-issue-list*** command to *status*.  It will now handle both an ID and a predefined status.
- Removed the *status_id* argument from the ***redmine-issue-create*** command since the API uses a default status.
```
